[Music]
the world is
tired of bad news so now you'll see
funny and weird news of 2020
only on the bright side channel because
of the worldwide lockdown
the streets of big cities are empty but
not for long
city roads squares and parks have
received new guests
wild animals fortunately self-isolation
ends
and people returned to their usual way
of life
but what if self-isolation had lasted
much longer
let's have a look at it in the movie
trailer format
a team of brave explorers from the most
remote parts of the galaxy
has a hard time after losing in battle
the captain teleported his ship to
unknown territory to save his crew
hold on we're getting closer to what
earth
why does it have to be this planet
because they love alien invasions
a young planet may seem like an island
of paradise
amidst the cosmic darkness
i see descendants of primates
what's that they don't look like
[Music]
primates
but it can turn into a real nightmare
over here
these ones look more like primates
excuse me
and we've been self-isolated for too
long trying to solve one problem
we didn't notice another they took us by
surprise
[Music]
those who tried to get out were driven
back
[Music]
every day we watched from our windows as
they were taking over the city
you must help us some year
but probably never
[Music]
save the planet
from the planet itself this is your
planet
so take it back
you humans are the most dangerous
animals on this planet
so prove it
what come on
[Music]
the oregon police received strange calls
and mark
people called the police several times
because they ran out of toilet paper
we don't know how the police could help
in this situation but let's see what it
would look like if someone shot a movie
about it
another boring day
it seemed so good at first remember i
mean all the criminals sitting at home
uh who knew that job would become so
tedious
i miss the danger yeah me too
detective jones listening please it's
gone again
somebody help ma'am what happened
say your address
get up i just say miss the danger
i left it here yesterday evening and now
it's empty
is this some kind of a sick joke
toilet papers running out and people
call the police
it isn't running out mods
it's being stolen
the safest place in your home
they're playing with us
can turn into the most dangerous one
freeze people are scared
and we got nothing what are we
to tell them that we have wet wipes
[Music]
don't move
next news in somalia locals visit a
psychologist to cope with depression and
bad mood
doesn't seem like news but the
psychologist is a hyena
yeah a real wild hyena people believe
it can repel evil genies that cause bad
humor
the hyena sits in a cage and roars when
people approach it
that's the session i wonder what the
life of this hyena would be like
if it lived in a megalopolis let's see
i've got a new job established a
personal life
in fact i didn't expect anything from
these meetings
but it seems you've brought me back to
life
meet greg he's a hyena
[Music]
and he helps people to be happy
but he has a big problem
doctor are you listening to me
no one can help him become happier
[Music]
when fate wants to tell you something
you'd better listen
to find yourself in this world
[Music]
doctor are you okay
you need to search
[Music]
hyena and the search for happiness